March 3 about one o'clock in the afternoon journalists of the site
Kerch yuey whom arrived on a ferry
crossing the Crimea Caucasus we saw 4 Urals
the Russian military were still
scattered around the perimeter
no armored personnel carriers nor any
another newly arrived military equipment
there was no police officer on duty at
the ferry is not on the camera said that
Russian military does not show aggression
no armored vehicles on
No more than 2 crossing territory
hours reporters site kerch stone and
were on duty in the territory of Kerch
ferry boat communicating with residents and
by the military as outgrowths
regard the situation on a huge
sight setting quite with such us
there is no one and generally a bus to tell
did not know whether this military
reinforcements in the form of armored vehicles still
soldier you saw and some other technique
no they are some aggressive actions in
saw aside graphite for only
positive strong down from them
man’s rotation doesn’t interfere at all
there is nothing to stand by
and heyner it is noticeable that there is no
Russian soldiers told us about
that Kerch mainly refers to them
positively people bring products and
water today is March 3th along central
TV channels of Ukraine reported that 15
Russian tanks are already on
the ferry which goes to kerch
russian and armored vehicles to
Crimea ferry, Crimea, I am to
traveling Kerch pivas either with
Krasnodar region informatics whether
channel inter and worked and about cordon to i
for their data and this is seasoning with
the Russian side to cook and from start
tanks tb-3 and the equipment is already on the ferry
Black Sea Coast Grant
ships are actively moving
the Black Sea Baltic then the primary
Russian fleet, we checked this information
and make sure that it is false and present
ferry time schedule
unstable people have to use
ferry services run the risk of
a few hours waiting for the flight
employees of the Kerch ferry
refused to comment on the situation
the camera will inform that all the answers we will give
in the Border Guard Department
available information tonight
the territory of land border guards
street Shchors 38a occupied by unknown
armed people now try to go
to the department of the border service of kerch and
find out what happened here today
through the fence you can see that on
territories are people us nobody
opens the door bell ripped blinds
let's cool but on the territory you can see that
there is a car and there are several
person
despite the fact that we failed
get a comment from the border guards we
could check the information coming
from official departments and central
TV channels that have not been confirmed
follow the news site kerch com her